README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nirizr/rematch.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/nirizr/rematch)

# rematch

REmatch, a simple binary diffing utility that just works. 

Atleast, we hope it will be. Rematch is still a work in progress and is not fully functional at the moment.
We're currently working on bringing up basic funcionality. Check us out again soon, or watch for updates!

# Goal of REmatch

The goal of REmatch is to act as a maintained, extendable, open source tool for advanced assembly function-level binary comparison and matching. Hopefully, this will be a completely open source and free (as in speech) community-driven tool.

We've noticed that although there are more than several existing binary matching tools, there's no one tool that provides all of the following:

1. Open source and community driven
2. Supports advanced matching algorithms (ML included ™)
3. Fully integrated into IDA
4. Allows managing multiple projects in a single location
5. enables out of the box one vs. many matches
6. actively maintained

# Current state (30th of August, 2016)

Development advances on a daily basis. We have a basic server and an IDA plugin. We collect a few relatively simple features and working on adding more. We have a matching stab that we will populate soon. Features are uploaded to the server. Basic plugin settings, project hierarchy and user authentication. We have a skeleton for the match results dialog (which supports some basic python scripting! :D).

Commit message:

Add November 9th, 2016 status update

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nirizr/rematch.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/nirizr/rematch)

# rematch

REmatch, a simple binary diffing utility that just works. 

Atleast, we hope it will be. Rematch is still a work in progress and is not fully functional at the moment.
We're currently working on bringing up basic funcionality. Check us out again soon, or watch for updates!

# Goal of REmatch

The goal of REmatch is to act as a maintained, extendable, open source tool for advanced assembly function-level binary comparison and matching. Hopefully, this will be a completely open source and free (as in speech) community-driven tool.

We've noticed that although there are more than several existing binary matching tools, there's no one tool that provides all of the following:

1. Open source and community driven
2. Supports advanced matching algorithms (ML included ™)
3. Fully integrated into IDA
4. Allows managing multiple projects in a single location
5. enables out of the box one vs. many matches
6. actively maintained

# Status updates

We'll try to occasionally update here about what's going on in the project and briefly describe advancements we've had.

## Current status (November 9th, 2016)

We recently got a big PR in, [implement match backend](https://github.com/nirizr/rematch/pull/22), that basically sets up the foundations for matching functions (as well as some basic matching functionality). It implements "collectors" (under `idapython/rematch/collectors`) and "matchers" (under `server/collab/matches`) which collect features and match functios based on those features respectively. One of the goals here was to have adding additional matching strategies and features as easy as possible.

There's no nice way to see the results of such comparisons but they're stored in the database and the browsable api can be used to view them. Adding a results dialog is the next big task. We have some basic match configuration going on for the matching process such as which functions to match and against what (there's a picture in the PR ticket). 

We also added quite a bit of minor changes (bug fixes, speedup and architecture improvements, richer UI).

## Old statuses

Old status paragraphs will be pushed here

### (August 30th, 2016)

Development advances on a daily basis. We have a basic server and an IDA plugin. We collect a few relatively simple features and working on adding more. We have a matching stab that we will populate soon. Features are uploaded to the server. Basic plugin settings, project hierarchy and user authentication. We have a skeleton for the match results dialog (which supports some basic python scripting! :D).
